docs/project-benefits.md, before:


## Project Problem

The main issue posed is the time needed to communicate information, including time spent finding sources of required information and time spent conveying information e.g. through speech.

This is an issue for two core reasons:

- Firstly, information needed to direct air traffic may not be readily available, causing an increased overhead for the time spent retrieving this information and possible incidents in time critical situations.
- Secondly, changes in information may also take time to communicate, and decisions that are reliant on this information may be made between the change occurring and being reported on, which can cause incidents in some situations.

The program solves this issue by providing a centralized representation of the airport's air traffic flow. It allows controllers to not only quickly access information, but to see changes in information immediately as they happen. The program also acts as a controller for the system, allowing basic operations to be automated.

## Project Benefits

- Less time will be spent communicating information. This avoids incidents caused by time delay or out of date information, as well as allowing more operations to be made in a given time frame.
- Operations can be conducted using the system, rather than conducting them manually and then updating a central system. This decreases time and work needed to conduct these operations, further decreasing the time spent to conduct operations.
- Incorrect operations (e.g. attempting to land a plane when the airport is full) are automatically stopped by the program. This allows mistakes to be avoided easily, increasing safety and avoiding extra time being spent to fix the errors.

Commit message:

Add risks to benefits analysis

docs/project-benefits.md, after:

# Project Benefits

## Problem

The main issue posed is the time needed to communicate information, including time spent finding sources of required information and time spent conveying information e.g. through speech.

This is an issue for two core reasons:

- Firstly, information needed to direct air traffic may not be readily available, causing an increased overhead for the time spent retrieving this information and possible incidents in time critical situations.
- Secondly, changes in information may also take time to communicate, and decisions that are reliant on this information may be made between the change occurring and being reported on, which can cause incidents in some situations.

The program solves this issue by providing a centralized representation of the airport's air traffic flow. It allows controllers to not only quickly access information, but to see changes in information immediately as they happen. The program also acts as a controller for the system, allowing basic operations to be automated.

## Benefits

- Less time will be spent communicating information. This avoids incidents caused by time delay or out of date information, as well as allowing more operations to be made in a given time frame.
- Operations can be conducted using the system, rather than conducting them manually and then updating a central system. This decreases time and work needed to conduct these operations, further decreasing the time spent to conduct operations.
- Incorrect operations (e.g. attempting to land a plane when the airport is full) are automatically stopped by the program. This allows mistakes to be avoided easily, increasing safety and avoiding extra time being spent to fix the errors.

## Risks

- Controllers may become over-reliant on the system, possibly causing them to be unable to work without it. This may require further expansion of the system to encompass aspects outside of the current scope, as well as more training to be given in the event the of the system going down.
- Errors in the system may cause information to be sent or stored incorrectly. If the error is caught, it may require manual operation until the system is fixed. If the error is not caught, the mismatch in data may cause serious incidents.
